major: start a big renovation (#22)
Alzymologist/alzymologist.github.io: content/info/about.md

This started as beer analysis laboratory. The idea was to empower microbrewers to have as good laboratory tools as big breveries have. Noble goal in pursuit of joy good beer brings to people. The year was 2019, the world was about to learn the word "pandemic".

We don't like giving empty promises, we like doing good, complex things bordering with impossible. So to fund the laboratory at the beginning we've started doing what was profitable - software development, consulting, and other unrelated stuff. We've gathered a team of great engineers and scientists around to do more unrelated stuff, asked overqualified specialists to join us.

And we keep going.

## Our mission

Science is dead. Long live science!

We are private academic institution that funds itself through free market.

Some of us left government-funded academic institutions to stop nonsense of pleasing unaccountable Big Brother grant committees.

Some of us left conventional industry to finally start working on something that is not yet obsolete.

Some of us left financial institutions to make economy efficient instead of robbing it.

> We do difficult stuff. Technological problems considered impossible, unmanageble entanglements of technical issues, tasks requiring broad vision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do difficult stuff. Technological problems considered impossible, unmanageable entanglements of technical issues, tasks requiring broad vision.
```

With many troubles surrounding modern scientific and technological world, old institutions crumbling to pieces, conflicts all around, all we can do is try to survive through diversity. If the world around falls and we still stand, we'll move on with our piece of culture - science and technology. You would do the same, right?

We are doing experimental stuff. We are The Experiment. Maybe we succeed, maybe we don't - but we'll just do our thing. Do It Ourselves.

And if we fail, we will start again.

## Our values

We value good beer. We value good products and good ideas. Things are meant to last, do their job, and bring joy.

We value ethics, honesty, humanitarian values.

> We value knowledge. Pursuit of knowledge. Experiments and models. Preservation of knowledge.

Reviewer: Чет много раз слово knowledge, я бы поменял Pursuit of knowledge на curiosity, кажется это синонимы. ну и в целом кажется что знания должны быть прикладными для чего то, какой нибудь Acceleration of progress

> We value knowledge. Pursuit of knowledge. Experiments and models. Preservation of knowledge.

вот такое у меня вышло

We value knowledge. Curiosity. Experiments and models. Acceleration of progress.

Author: It's important to emphasize the preservation part here, maybe

```suggestion
We value knowledge. Curiosity. Experiments and models. Preservation of wisdom.
```

Reviewer: thinking out loud, knowledge is about information and facts, wisdom is about knowledge application, e.g.
**Knowledge:** is knowing that tomato is a fruit
**Wisdom:** is not putting it in fruit salad 

preservation of knowledge/wisdom stands out being more abstract out of the 4 points. feel like it can be:
- **Education**: knowledge exposure and passing
- **Knowledge and experience storage**: finding a way to "preserve" those for future generations

can you elaborate further why it's important for us to preserve knowledge/wisdom?

Author: Because we as a civilization are losing it rapidly. This is an important topic in our projects! Some conservation idea should be relayed here.

We can't say "wisdom" for it is different thing. We can probably say "information" for as data grows information is lost and that's exactly the problem. It's ethically controversial statement though as some things should be forgotten. I'm thinking about just doing this:

```suggestion
We value wisdom. Curiosity. Experiments and models. Preservation of knowledge.
```
